Google Play Store Apps
Web scraped data of 10k Play Store apps for analysing the Android market.
Lavanya Gupta
https://www.kaggle.com/lava18/google-play-store-apps
Retrieved 2020/04/07

---

Context

While many public datasets (on Kaggle and the like) provide Apple App Store data, there are not many counterpart datasets available for Google Play Store apps anywhere on the web. On digging deeper, I found out that iTunes App Store page deploys a nicely indexed appendix-like structure to allow for simple and easy web scraping. On the other hand, Google Play Store uses sophisticated modern-day techniques (like dynamic page load) using JQuery making scraping more challenging.
Content

Each app (row) has values for catergory, rating, size, and more.
Acknowledgements

This information is scraped from the Google Play Store. This app information would not be available without it.
Inspiration

The Play Store apps data has enormous potential to drive app-making businesses to success. Actionable insights can be drawn for developers to work on and capture the Android market!

---

About this file: apps
details of the applications on Google Play. There are 13 features th*strong strong texttext*at describe a given app.. Expilo. Ed

About this file: reviews
This file contains the first 'most relevant' 100 reviews for each app. Each review text/comment has been pre-processed and attributed with 3 new features - Sentiment, Sentiment Polarity and Sentiment Subjectivity.

---

App
Application name

Category
Category the app belongs to

Rating
Overall user rating of the app (as when scraped)

Reviews
Number of user reviews for the app (as when scraped)

Size
Size of the app (as when scraped)

Installs
Number of user downloads/installs for the app (as when scraped)

Type
Paid or Free

Price
Price of the app (as when scraped)

Content Rating
Age group the app is targeted at - Children / Mature 21+ / Adult

Genres
An app can belong to multiple genres (apart from its main category). For eg, a musical family game will belong to Music, Game, Family genres.

Last Updated
Date when the app was last updated on Play Store (as when scraped)

Current Ver
Current version of the app available on Play Store (as when scraped)

Android Ver
Min required Android version (as when scraped)

---

Translated_Review
User review (Preprocessed and translated to English)

Sentiment
Positive/Negative/Neutral (Preprocessed)

Sentiment_Polarity
Sentiment polarity score

Sentiment_Subjectivity
Sentiment subjectivity score
